Build sherrif commits welcome.

*DO NOT* check in changes without a ChangeLog entry. 

*DO* get your code reviewed by an experienced GNOME hacker.

If you are an experienced GNOME hacker and confident that your code is right,
you don't need maintainer approval to commit to HEAD. You still need to get your patch
reviewed by some other (competent) GNOME hacker. Please include a "Reviewed by:"
citation in your ChangeLog entry.

If you are unsure of your change, please feel free to send the patch to
gnome-vfs@gnome.org and get our approval so we won't execute you when it breaks 
things / does them wrong.

Please get approval for commits to the gnome-2-0 branch.

All ChangeLog entries go into the root ChangeLog except for entries for
changes in the po and data/mime directories.

Please make sure components that depend on Gnome VFS (eg Nautilus, Evolution) 
do not break with your change or arrange that an update to the dependent
components gets submitted at the same time. 

Please use a coding style that is consistent with the existing Gnome VFS code.
Gnome VFS uses the GNOME Programming Guidelines with 8-space tabs and a
"K&R" indentation style.

Make sure all of your new code compiles without any warnings.

Do not turn any warnings off, do not turn -Werror off in configure.in. If you have
problems with the existing warnings building on your environment, please contact the
maintainers.

Make sure your changes are properly tested, ammong other things run a "make check".

Use "FIXME" to augument code that needs more work, that is missing functionality or
in general needs attention. Include a comprehensive comment explaining what is 
missing, why you think something is broken, what you suggest as a fix, etc.
FIXME entries are periodically converted into bugzilla bugs.
Do not use any other format to draw attention to problems, comments that do
not contain "FIXME" are not going to be found by our problem tracking tools.

GnomeVFS bugs and open tasks are tracked in http://bugzilla.gnome.org
as we transition away Eazel Bugzilla)

For IRC help/feedback use irc.gnome.org/#nautilus.